Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Always by my side. Always!
I just can't believe I'm doing this.
we should have kept on scamming tourists
and be done.
Do you want me to explain again?
These snakeskins are worth more than
the purses and wallets that you steal.
I don't care about that.
Look. it’s suicide to be here.
It’s suicide because you don’t do what I tell
you to do.
- By my side!
- No. I said no.
It’s insane to be hunting at a place like this.
I’m not afraid of Las Arenas.
Well. I am. so what?
- See that? Bye!
- Stay here! Stay!
Hey. hey! look at me.
Are my friends alive?
Do you want money?
I’ve got 200 dollars. If you want them.
they are yours but tell me where they are.
Hand them over.
They are upstairs in my bag.
When we get out of here I’ll tell the police
this was all a misunderstanding.
I made a mistake and then I give you the money.
Give me that watch.
It was my dad’s.
Then don’t give me anything.
This is worth a lot. you better start talking.
A week ago.
I was hunting snakes.
Snakes?
Yes.
venom is well paid. Skins too.
I was at Las Arenas.
Is that where they are?
That’s where I saw them.
But they are alright.
Do you know why it’s called Las Arenas?
That place is called Las Arenas
because there’s a lot of quicksands.
There’s no quicksand in this country;
that’s bullshit.
Did you know I went hunting with a friend.
but I came back alone.
If you don’t want to believe me.
it’s your problem.
but they are in danger.
Hey buddy.
I'm a doctor; I organized the conference here;
let me out.
I mean it; my friends are in danger.
If you want. call the manager.
Let me out!